iKOS
http://i-kos.com
info@i-kos.com
+44 20 7928 2280

Summary...
iKOS provides the complete website delivery life cycle: consulting, training, developing and supporting.

Main...
We write, speak, consult, teach, design, build and support wonderful web and mobile experiences.
iKOS has offices in London and Edinburgh, bringing Drupal powered e-commerce to clients across a wide range of sectors, including media and publishing, financial services, healthcare and retail.

iKOS ensures sustainable on-line business for its clients by developing and building successful, expandable websites that meet the needs of both consumer and enterprise. We deliver ROI for companies including GOV.UK, NHS, ITV, IPC Capgemini, IPC, IDG, Pearson, Macmillan.

Inviqa
http://inviqa.com
info@inviqa.com
+44 20 3179 955

Summary...
Inviqa are the UK’s leading PHP development company and open source web development experts.

Main...
Inviqa are the UK’s leading PHP development company and open source web development experts.
We help organisations meet their business goals by delivering high quality web projects using the latest open source technology.
We demonstrate leadership in our core disciplines of Web Development, Consulting, Training and Support.
We employ experienced developers who are passionate about what they do and relish tackling a variety of challenges.

Acquia
http://www.acquia.com
sales@acquia.com
+44 1865 520 010

Summary...
Acquia is the digital experience company. Our digital innovation platform empowers market-leading enterprise organizations to move at the speed of the web, providing agility, integration and resiliency.

Main...
Acquia is the digital experience company. Our digital innovation platform empowers market-leading enterprise organizations to move at the speed of the web, providing agility, integration and resiliency.
Acquia provides open cloud hosting, developer tools and world-class support for Drupal, the open source content management platform that unifies content, community and commerce.

