Training...
===========
I feel incredibly positive about our website project now!

First of all I was immediately impressed by your enthusiasm, organisation and preparation – even before the course started. You immediately gave the impression that you cared, that you had an investment in the subject matter and wanted to enable the people on the course. This gave me enormous confidence, even before we’d looked at the first slide. By the end of day two, our website project, that had been daunting up until that point, was now exciting. I now had an idea about how we would meet almost all of our website requirements from topics covered in the course. Now, at the end of the structured part of the course, I feel I have a team of people full of ideas and energy, and even find myself trying to think of ways to shelve some of my workload so that I can dive in with everyone else, and make sure I don’t forget everything I’ve learnt. Not just saying any of that either – I feel incredibly positive about our website project now!

Chris Holden
Head of Information Services and Systems | Higher Education Academy

A comprehensive and high quality course

After providing a broad set of requirements it was clear right from the beginning of our 3 days training/consultancy that the instructor had spent a significant amount of time researching the topics and preparing the content to deliver.

This preparation facilitated a really enjoyable, relaxed and flexible course, which in addition to covering the topics we requested allowed time for group discussion and one to one teaching where appropriate.

It's clear that instructor enjoys sharing his knowledge and expertise and the comprehensive and high quality course notes that he has provided to help consolidate our learning reflects his professional work ethic.

Civil Servant, UK Government

Consulting...
=============
You have been instrumental in guiding our thinking.

You have been instrumental in guiding our thinking and challenging our existing online platforms to uncover new possibilities.
From the beginning of our working relationship, you have been instrumental in guiding our thinking and challenging our existing online platforms to uncover new business opportunities.

The strategy workshop was a great thought starter to our online opportunities and devising our vision for the future. The session was well structured and used interactive brainstorming tools to get the best out of a diverse group of people.

The use of an external host was successful in that they provided a neutral balance to the group and helped to facilitate and shape the session. We all came away excited about the future possibilities and confident that we’re working with the right team to help us get there.

Howard Holly
Wholesale Manager, Krispy Donuts

A great requirement gathering workshop 
We found the workshop very useful. The structured approach to breaking down the large wish list that we had is a great approach to focus what is and isn’t required.

I think the requirement gathering workshop it is a great way to define and start a project of this magnitude to ensure that the goal/end product is  what everyone is after and expecting.

Paula House
Digital Manager, Indepengrow

E-Commerce
==========
Most importantly, every penny is measurable

Not only have you created an independently-functioning eCommerce platform that embodies the brand perfectly, but the team has impressed with their aptitude for marketing the product online (via SEO, Google and Facebook advertising), consistently coming in on or under marketing budget. Most importantly, every penny is measurable. I am thrilled with the results so far and wouldn't hesitate to recommend you and Drupal Commerce to other businesses.

Aidan Pritchard
CEO, Aussiegreat

You provided us with a knowledgeable and professional service that stuck to our deadline and budget. They were always available during development and had plenty of great advice. If Drupal Agencies were films then you would be Citizen Kane.

Adrian Waterfall
Head of Online, British  Broadcasting Service

